Assessment from Claude:

"""
Remaining correctness risks:

  1. Import alias variables (medium risk): import "foo" for Bar as baz inside a method
  body — baz never enters the rename map and isn't added to forbidden. A later local var
  could be renamed to baz, creating a silent collision. This is rare but real.
  2. String interpolation scanner is heuristic (low-medium risk): collectInterpIdents
  tokenizes the raw string by scanning for alphanumeric runs inside %(...). It
  over-protects (method names get protected unnecessarily) but the correctness risk is
  the opposite: if a complex expression like "%(a.b.c)" leads to a, b, c all being
  frozen, some renames are missed. Not wrong output, just suboptimal — unless a fresh
  short name happens to be one of the unnecessarily-protected names. The alloc.forbidden
  prevents that, so this is safe.
  3. Closure-captured variables in constant folding (low risk): the foldStmt for
  BlockExpr removes closure params from the inner consts map, but the VarDecl elimination
   loop in optimizeBody only runs at the top-level body — vars inside closures that could
   fold to literals won't be eliminated. This is a missed optimization, not wrong output.
  4. Superclass method names not in forbidden (low risk): NameAllocator.forbidden only
  contains the current class's method names. A short name like a could collide with an
  inherited method name if the Wren runtime resolves it on this. In practice this matters
   mostly for very short inherited method names.
  5. Parser coverage (unknown risk): only a few files have been tested. Wren has some
  unusual constructs (operator methods, subscript setters, attribute annotations) — the
  parser may have gaps for rarely-used syntax.

  ---
  Rating: 72 / 100

  It's production-quality for typical Wren code (the kind that appears in wren_core). The
   risks are real but mostly in uncommon patterns. The import alias collision is the one
  I'd classify as a latent bug that will eventually surface; the rest are edge cases or
  missed optimizations rather than wrong output.

"""